Solution for [All Wired Up, a puzzle from PuzzleNode][awu].

Recursive methods; functions that return values; immutable data structures;
data-centric programming; lists and trees. Simple things that work.

Thank God I discovered Lisp, SICP, Clojure, and Rich Hickey. This solution would have
been a lot worse without your influence. Here's a little haiku about what I mean:

Now, there's no urge to define a class
Each time I need to pass a gas.

[awu]:    http://puzzlenode.com/puzzles/18/comments


MIT License
-----------

Copyright (c) 2012 James Abbott

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.


